hello everyone I'm Ashley Davis owner of
celebrity closet the newest online
resale boutique here at celebrity closet
we authenticate every item that comes in
for consignment and today we're going to
teach you how to authenticate one of our
luxury items Louie Vuitton dummy air
speed 30 but purchasing this particular
model you want to look at the actual
straps of the bag this is a handbag it
should not fit over your shoulder if it
does it's a fake and many replicas have
extended handle next we're going to go
inside bag when opening the bag you want
to make sure that the zipper and all
hardware works properly it should move
back and forth with ease attached to the
zipper there is a little leather piece
of material on this material there will
always keep a hole here always once
inside the tab you'll notice that the
lining is red the first thing that I go
for is I want to check and make sure
that I can see a date code everyone was
on bag has day code you're not going to
always be in the same location in this
particular bag the day code is behind
the pocket this pocket will always be
at the top of the back not the middle
and it will not have a zipper it's just
an open flat on the other side you will
see a gold loop or you can hang a coin
purse or keys but there will not be a
cell phone holder or another flap
there's only one pocket in the deniers
the outside of this particular bag is
where things get a little tricky on both
ends of the bag you'll see these leather
stripes on this in it says Louie Vuitton
Paris made in USD on the other end
there's no words written on the leather
strap but you might have a lock on this
particular lock it says Louboutin here
is made in France Louboutin manufactures
out of three different countries the
United States France and Spain this
particular bag was made in the United
States but the law was made in France
this can happen there are many theories
on what makes a Louis Vuitton bag real
or fake many people seem to think that
the LV global can't be cut off or upside
down
however an bag is constructed from a
single piece of canvas with no centers
seen like this one the LV logo will be
upside down on the opposite side if not
it's a fake I hope this video was
helpful in your next leaveit on purchase
remember always do your research when
purchasing luxury designer items and
feel free to leave any questions
regarding authentication in the comment
box below I'd be more than happy to help
you thank you and remember to shop
celebrity closet calm